and maybe numbers from 1 to 10
because we do gymnastics
for eyes we learn to manage
if in the first case we
concentrated then in the second case we
do management further technology
latent psychological impact
we use this element
only instead of this point we are already
present round
in humans, the asymmetry of the main cortex after
left right hemisphere right and figurative
left hemisphere logical right
hemisphere is attached to a man's left
eye left is true
how will the mountains start working with you
biological object in a more sparing
mode as we looked at this
point we look at the center of the world in yoga
6 h
and look not at this point
look at the club with her relaxed this
piercing gaze in tougher
option we are watching with you water the class
look in your left eye we are with you
we activate the truth we eat and how
It shifted used this point as
perhaps we will begin to intensify
one of the zones of the cerebral cortex
perhaps this is a spatial zone
orientation
but
processing information in humans
does not occur through the eyes namely
visual area
which are on the back of the head
Perhaps this is a special area of dolls and maybe
be this zone the word god this for
motility maybe it's another their
depending on the task with you
which we will set this task with you
but the most important thing is when we are with you
we begin work with biological objects
your thoughts and your desires should not
bear mercantile spirit and cause harm
another person is the most superior and it is
command the biblical love your neighbor as
myself
so here to love useful need
start loving yourself and
project it warm fix the price
type of energy on your environment